Obsession
Kill
Mob Psycho 100 II
Show Me What You've Got
~Band Together~
Former Claw - 7th Division Member
Koyama
Sakurai
Currently explaining the situation
Former Claw - 7th Division Member
Tsuchiya
Mukai
Former Claw - 7th Division Member
Muraki
Mole
Former Claw - 7th Division Member
Terada
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
They exchanged emails
Claw Foreigner Squad
Joseph
Udo
Mob Psycho 100 II
Claw
Claw Boss
Suzuki Toichiro (46)
Claw
Ultimate 5
Hatori
Another esper? - Edgy much?
Apparently his brain stopped developing
Talk about lame - So boring
I could probably take him in one punch
Edgelord lol
Who the hell is that?
Hell if I know lolol
Fukuda - Higashio - Otsuki
Hot Springs Hotel Voucher
Streaming data
600 people
Claw 1st Division Leader
Tamaki
600 people
= 600,000
Foreigner Squad
5 People x 120 People = 600 People
Claw 1st ~ 6th Division Leaders
Ultimate 5
Minegishi
Shibata
Ultimate 5
Serizawa
On Women's Empowerment
Lecturer: Prime Minister Yabe Hiroshi
Ultimate 5
Shimazaki
Collision
~Power Type~